packages/liquidator/README.md, before:

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/GenerationSoftware/pt-v5-utils-js/main/img/pooltogether-logo--purple@2x.png?raw=true" alt="PoolTogether Brand" style="max-width:100%;" width="300">
</p>

<br />

# 🤖 PoolTogether V5

### @generationsoftware/pt-v5-autotasks-liquidator

![title image for PoolTogether Arbitrage Liquidator Bot](https://github.com/generationsoftware/pt-v5-autotasks/raw/main/packages/liquidator/arb-liquidator-img.png "title image for PoolTogether Arbitrage Liquidator Bot")

PoolTogether hyperstructure (v5) bot to find arbitrage opportunities and liquidate the prize token (likely WETH) for yield.

## 📖 Tutorial

### [Creating a PoolTogether Arbitrage Swapping bot](https://mirror.xyz/chuckbergeron-g9.eth/ES-IJduktYPb0X_sBikfqL-PVFRweNpoPrlr01zcVX8)

## 🖥️ Usage

This package is helpful for working on the bot locally.

The bulk of determining if an arbitrage is profitable is in **[/packages/library/src/liquidator.ts#L44](../library)**.

### 1. Setup

To run this bot locally first set up your environment variables using `dotenv`:

#### ENV

Copy `.envrc.example` and input the env variables needed to run this project.

```sh
cp .envrc.example .envrc
```

Once your env variables are setup, load them with:

```sh
direnv allow
```

#### LIST OF ENVIRONMENT VARIABLES

```sh
CHAIN_ID: The chain ID of which network to run the autotask on
JSON_RPC_URI: Your Infura/Alchemy/etc JSON RPC URI
COVALENT_API_KEY: (Optional) Your Covalent API key for getting USD values of tokens
MIN_PROFIT_THRESHOLD_USD: the minimum (in USD) you want to profit from each swap (ie. 1 is $1.00)
CUSTOM_RELAYER_PRIVATE_KEY: send transactions using your own EOA

### LIQUIDATOR SPECIFIC:

SWAP_RECIPIENT: Address of the account that will receive the resulting swap tokens, can set to the relayer address or any other contract/EOA address
ENV_TOKEN_ALLOW_LIST: Comma-seperated list of addresses that will be added to the token allowlist (if you want to liquidate new exotic tokens or your own prize vault tokens, add them here!)

```

### 2. Start liquidating

When everything is set and the env vars have been exported you can run the bot locally:

```sh
npm run start
```

Commit message:

fix a bug where if the SWAP_RECIPIENT or REWARD_RECIPIENT wasn't set the bots would fail (also clean up types around configs, printing of configs, etc

packages/liquidator/README.md, after:

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/GenerationSoftware/pt-v5-utils-js/main/img/pooltogether-logo--purple@2x.png?raw=true" alt="PoolTogether Brand" style="max-width:100%;" width="300">
</p>

<br />

# 🤖 PoolTogether V5

### @generationsoftware/pt-v5-autotasks-liquidator

![title image for PoolTogether Arbitrage Liquidator Bot](https://github.com/generationsoftware/pt-v5-autotasks/raw/main/packages/liquidator/arb-liquidator-img.png "title image for PoolTogether Arbitrage Liquidator Bot")

PoolTogether hyperstructure (v5) bot to find arbitrage opportunities and liquidate the prize token (likely WETH) for yield.

## 📖 Tutorial

### [Creating a PoolTogether Arbitrage Swapping bot](https://mirror.xyz/chuckbergeron-g9.eth/ES-IJduktYPb0X_sBikfqL-PVFRweNpoPrlr01zcVX8)

## 🖥️ Usage

This package is helpful for working on the bot locally.

The bulk of determining if an arbitrage is profitable is in **[/packages/library/src/liquidator.ts#L44](../library)**.

### 1. Setup

To run this bot locally first set up your environment variables using `dotenv`:

#### ENV

Copy `.envrc.example` and input the env variables needed to run this project.

```sh
cp .envrc.example .envrc
```

Once your env variables are setup, load them with:

```sh
direnv allow
```

#### LIST OF ENVIRONMENT VARIABLES

```sh
CHAIN_ID: The chain ID of which network to run the autotask on
JSON_RPC_URI: Your Infura/Alchemy/etc JSON RPC URI
COVALENT_API_KEY: (Optional) Your Covalent API key for getting USD values of tokens
MIN_PROFIT_THRESHOLD_USD: the minimum (in USD) you want to profit from each swap (ie. 1 is $1.00)
CUSTOM_RELAYER_PRIVATE_KEY: send transactions using your own EOA

### LIQUIDATOR SPECIFIC:

SWAP_RECIPIENT: Address of the account that will receive the resulting swap tokens, can be any other contract/EOA address or if blank sets recipient to be the relayer address
ENV_TOKEN_ALLOW_LIST: Comma-seperated list of addresses that will be added to the token allowlist (if you want to liquidate new exotic tokens or your own prize vault tokens, add them here!)

```

### 2. Start liquidating

When everything is set and the env vars have been exported you can run the bot locally:

```sh
npm run start
```
