packages/prize-claimer/README.md, before:

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/GenerationSoftware/pt-v5-utils-js/main/img/pooltogether-logo--purple@2x.png?raw=true" alt="PoolTogether Brand" style="max-width:100%;" width="300">
</p>

<br />

# 🤖 PoolTogether V5

### @generationsoftware/pt-v5-autotasks-prize-claimer

![title image for PoolTogether Prize Claimer Bot](https://github.com/generationsoftware/pt-v5-autotasks/raw/main/packages/prize-claimer/prize-claim-img.png "title image for PoolTogether Prize Claimer Bot")

PoolTogether hyperstructure (v5) to claim prizes on behalf of depositors.

## 📖 Prize Claimer Example:

### [PoolTogether Prize Claimer GitHub Action bot](https://github.com/GenerationSoftware/pt-v5-prize-claimer-gh-action-bot)

This package is helpful for running the Prize Claimer bot locally.

The bulk of determining if a claim is profitable is in the **[/packages/library/src/claimerProfitablePrizeTxs.ts#L58](../library)**.

## 🖥️ Usage

### 1. Setup

To run the bot locally, first set up your environment variables using `dotenv`:

#### ENV

Copy `.envrc.example` and input the env variables needed to run this project.

```sh
cp .envrc.example .envrc
```

Once your env variables are setup, load them with:

```sh
direnv allow
```

#### LIST OF ENVIRONMENT VARIABLES

```sh
CHAIN_ID: The chain ID of which network to run the autotask on
JSON_RPC_URI: Your Infura/Alchemy/etc JSON RPC URI
COVALENT_API_KEY: (Optional) Your Covalent API key for getting USD values of tokens
MIN_PROFIT_THRESHOLD_USD: the minimum (in USD) you want to profit from each swap (ie. 1 is $1.00)
CUSTOM_RELAYER_PRIVATE_KEY: send transactions using your own EOA

### PRIZE CLAIMER SPECIFIC:

REWARD_RECIPIENT: Address of the account that will receive the profit for claiming prizes on other's behalf, can be any other contract/EOA address or if blank sets recipient to be the relayer address

```

### 2. Start checking draw auctions

When everything is set and the env vars have been exported you can run the bot locally:

```sh
npm run start
```

Commit message:

BREAKING CHANGES: RENAMED env var `JSON_RPC_URI` -> `JSON_RPC_URL`, ADDED: `CONTRACT_JSON_URL` env var for all bots, ADDED: `SUBGRAPH_URL` env var for Prize Claimer bot

packages/prize-claimer/README.md, after:

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/GenerationSoftware/pt-v5-utils-js/main/img/pooltogether-logo--purple@2x.png?raw=true" alt="PoolTogether Brand" style="max-width:100%;" width="300">
</p>

<br />

# 🤖 PoolTogether V5

### @generationsoftware/pt-v5-autotasks-prize-claimer

![title image for PoolTogether Prize Claimer Bot](https://github.com/generationsoftware/pt-v5-autotasks/raw/main/packages/prize-claimer/prize-claim-img.png "title image for PoolTogether Prize Claimer Bot")

PoolTogether hyperstructure (v5) to claim prizes on behalf of depositors.

## 📖 Prize Claimer Example:

### [PoolTogether Prize Claimer GitHub Action bot](https://github.com/GenerationSoftware/pt-v5-prize-claimer-gh-action-bot)

This package is helpful for running the Prize Claimer bot locally.

The bulk of determining if a claim is profitable is in the **[/packages/library/src/claimerProfitablePrizeTxs.ts#L58](../library)**.

## 🖥️ Usage

### 1. Setup

To run the bot locally, first set up your environment variables using `dotenv`:

#### ENV

Copy `.envrc.example` and input the env variables needed to run this project.

```sh
cp .envrc.example .envrc
```

Once your env variables are setup, load them with:

```sh
direnv allow
```

#### LIST OF ENVIRONMENT VARIABLES

```sh
CHAIN_ID: The chain ID of which network to run the autotask on
JSON_RPC_URL: Your Infura/Alchemy/etc JSON RPC URL
COVALENT_API_KEY: (Optional) Your Covalent API key for getting USD values of tokens
MIN_PROFIT_THRESHOLD_USD: the minimum (in USD) you want to profit from each swap (ie. 1 is $1.00)
CUSTOM_RELAYER_PRIVATE_KEY: send transactions using your own EOA
CONTRACT_JSON_URL: the URL of the JSON file where the contract addresses and ABIs live (typically a commit on GitHub)

### PRIZE CLAIMER SPECIFIC:

SUBGRAPH_URL: the Subgraph API URL to use for gathering prize vaults and depositors data
REWARD_RECIPIENT: Address of the account that will receive the profit for claiming prizes on other's behalf, can be any other contract/EOA address or if blank sets recipient to be the relayer address

```

### 2. Start checking draw auctions

When everything is set and the env vars have been exported you can run the bot locally:

```sh
npm run start
```
