packages/arb-liquidator/README.md, before:

# @pooltogether/v5-autotasks-arb-liquidator

PoolTogether hyperstructure (v5) OpenZeppelin Defender autotask to find arbitrage opportunities and liquidate the prize token (likely POOL) for yield.

## Development

### Env

We use [direnv](https://direnv.net) to manage environment variables. You'll likely need to install it.

Copy `.envrc.example` and write down the env variables needed to run this project.

```
cp .envrc.example .envrc
```

Once your env variables are setup, load them with:

```
direnv allow
```

### Autotasks

Depending on which autotask you wish to update, you need to set the following env variables:

```
export AUTOTASK_ID=
export CHAIN_ID=
export RELAYER_API_KEY=
export RELAYER_API_SECRET=
```

Here are the currently deployed autotasks and their corresponding ID.

#### Testnet

##### Sepolia

```
export AUTOTASK_ID=83...
export CHAIN_ID=11155111
```

### Run autotask

To run the autotask locally, run:

```
npm start
```

### Update autotask

To update the autotask, run:

```
npm run update
```

Commit message:

re-write READMEs for better local dev support (yalc and tsup w/ configs vs. direnv)

packages/arb-liquidator/README.md, after:

# @pooltogether/v5-autotasks-arb-liquidator

![title image for PoolTogether Arbitrage Liquidator Bot](https://github.com/pooltogether/v5-autotasks/raw/main/packages/arb-liquidator/arb-liquidator-img.png "title image for PoolTogether Arbitrage Liquidator Bot")

PoolTogether hyperstructure (v5) OpenZeppelin Defender autotask to find arbitrage opportunities and liquidate the prize token (likely POOL) for yield.

## Development

This package uses `yalc` locally to connect the library package (in **[/packages/library](../library)**) to this one. This let's us use `import * from '@pooltogether/v5-autotasks-library` without needing to publish to npm on each change.

Typically you will want to run `yarn start` or `npm run start` in the **[library package](../library)** first and make sure it compiles and publishes to yalc. Then you can run `yarn start` or `npm run start` in this package in another terminal tab to run the bot.

## Usage

This package is both a CLI for setting the config parameters of the OpenZeppelin job and a build task for compiling the `handler()` prior to deploy on OZ Defender.

The bulk of determining if an arbitrage is profitable is in **[/packages/library/src/liquidatorArbitrageSwap.ts#L44](../library)**.

## Note:

If you would rather use something other than OZ Defender/Infura, you can import the `v5-autotasks-library` into your own code. More info here: **[v5-autotasks-library](../library#usage)**

### 1. Run autotask

To run the OpenZeppelin Defender autotask locally:

```
yarn start
```

You will be prompted to fill in the following necessary variables:

```
DEFENDER_TEAM_API_KEY: OZ Defender-specific
DEFENDER_TEAM_SECRET_KEY: OZ Defender-specific
AUTOTASK_ID: OZ Defender-specific
RELAYER_API_KEY: OZ Defender-specific
RELAYER_API_SECRET: OZ Defender-specific
INFURA_API_KEY: Infura-specific
CHAIN_ID: Which network to claim on
```

The following is unique to the Arb Liquidator bot:

```
SWAP_RECIPIENT: Who will receive the profit for claiming on other's behalf
```

Once the config has been saved with all of those variables, the script will run.

If everything looks good, you can upload the task to OpenZeppelin Defender to be run periodically.

### 2. Update autotask

With the config in place from step 1, you can build and update the autotask on OpenZeppelin Defender using:

```
yarn update
```
